README.md, before:

<h1><img src="https://github.com/nju33/atom-colorio/blob/master/media/icon_512x512.png?raw=true" width=30>&nbsp;Atom Colorio</h1>

[![XO code style](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-XO-5ed9c7.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/xo)

An Atom package that look for color cheat sheet

![Atom Colorio](https://github.com/nju33/atom-colorio/blob/master/screenshot.gif?raw=true)

## Install

```
apm install colorio
```

## Commands

- `Colorio: Toggle`  
  Open or close colorio pane.

## Conetxt Menu

- `Search with colorio`  
  If the selection range is a color value, search that color. At that time, if the panel is hidden, it opens at the same time.

## Options

- `Show hex` default: `true`  
  Whether to display the hex value  
- `Show rgb` default: `true`  
  Whether to display the rgb value  
- `Show hsv` default: `false`   
  Whether to display the hsv value  
- `Show hsl` default: `false`  
  Whether to display the hsl value  

## License

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2017 nju33 <nju33.ki@gmail.com>

Commit message:

Deactivate search on copy in default

README.md, after:

<h1><img src="https://github.com/nju33/atom-colorio/blob/master/media/icon_512x512.png?raw=true" width=30>&nbsp;Atom Colorio</h1>

[![XO code style](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-XO-5ed9c7.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/xo)

An Atom package that look for color cheat sheet

![Atom Colorio](https://github.com/nju33/atom-colorio/blob/master/screenshot.gif?raw=true)

## Install

```
apm install colorio
```

## Commands

- `Colorio: Toggle`  
  Open or close colorio pane.

## Conetxt Menu

- `Search with colorio`  
  If the selection range is a color value, search that color. At that time, if the panel is hidden, it opens at the same time.

## Options

- `Show hex` default: `true`  
  Whether to display the hex value  
- `Show rgb` default: `true`  
  Whether to display the rgb value  
- `Show hsv` default: `false`   
  Whether to display the hsv value  
- `Show hsl` default: `false`  
  Whether to display the hsl value  
- `Search on copy` default: `false`  
  If contents are color values when copying, whether to open this

## License

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2017 nju33 <nju33.ki@gmail.com>
